Good morning, family, and welcome to my channel where Jesus is King.
I want you all to say this with me: 'For the Lord is good and His mercy endures forever.
' For the Lord is good and His mercy endures forever.
I have a word for you all; this is part two of what the Lord showed me in the one-hour vision that He gave me.
So, I'm going to tell you all: you have the Holy Spirit living on the inside of you and He will show you things to come, too.
I'm a Watchman and I'm telling you what I feel the Holy Spirit has told me.
We are imperfect vessels that are getting a message from a perfect God.
Whenever we're getting the download, the water is pure, but because it is going into an imperfect vessel, the pipe may be flawed.
Because of that, it makes the water seem flawed as it goes through a pipe that's messed up.
When God is downloading something into an imperfect vessel and we're relaying His message, the water's pure, but because the water's going through a pipe that could have some issues, it makes the water sometimes seem messed up—not that the water is messed up, but because the pipe is.
I do the best I can; I'm a work in progress.
We know that God is merciful, and I'm going to do the best I can to tell you what I saw in the spirit without adding to or taking away from anything.
This is again just me being transparent to you all about exactly what I'm doing for my family and what I believe that we should do.
I believe, with what He has shown me regarding the coming food supply, that you need to have a storehouse.
The Lord said to me, 'Brandon, you need to get your boat ready; you need to get your storehouse ready.
You need to have this stuff set aside and prepared for your family.
' That's what He said to me.
Now, for you, I don't know—everybody's situation is different—but He said to me, 'I want you to get your stuff ready for your family.
' What I heard Him say is to have some cash on hand, have some food on hand, and have several weeks of bottled water stored up for your family.
That's what He said to me.
So I went and I'm trying to get all this stuff; it's going to take time.
He said, 'Brandon, I will take care of My kids, but what you can do is prepare for what you need.
' If you don't have anything and you don't have any money, that's fine; God's going to take care of you.
But in my situation, I had some extra, and I want to say, 'Hey, listen, I'm going to get some food for the five of us.
' I have three kids and two adults in this house, and I believe if you can have a week or two weeks' worth of food, it's smart.
It's not something I'm going to hoard; you can rotate it out as you go and then replenish it.
Canned tuna or whatever lasts for a while, but whenever it gets ready to expire, eat it.
Then the other thing was He spoke to me about tradable things, like if your neighbor had a chicken and you had an ounce of silver and you offered that ounce of silver for the chicken or some vegetables.
That's what He was showing me in the spirit for my family.
He talked to me about gas mileage and having a car that gets 30 or 40 miles to a gallon.
Right now, I have an SUV and it drinks a lot of gas.
So if you have the means to get a Honda or a Toyota, that would be a wise decision.
I'm not big on electric cars.
I had one for a while and I did not like it; it was awful to try to charge, taking 45 minutes for a full charge, and you couldn't go very far on it anyway.
We got half of the recommended battery life, especially when it was hot or cold.
If it was extremely cold, you could see the battery moving; it was freaking me out.
In hot times, the air conditioner sucks the battery big time.
So, having a car that gets good gas mileage is wise.
If you can, ask your doctor about your medication and have enough to get you through a week or two extra just in case there's a shortage.
I saw shortages of certain medications coming because of trade wars with China.
When they go against Taiwan and the United States is upset, I saw prescription medications—some kinds, not all—becoming very hard to get.
If you have to have blood pressure medicine, diabetic medicine, or heart medicine, maybe you can talk to your doctor and say, 'Listen, Doc, I need an extra one to two weeks ahead of time.
' If you have out-of-pocket money, just buy it.
I'm not a doctor; I'm just trying to put some ideas out there for those who really desperately need it.
I believe Jesus is a healer and that God is going to take care of you anyway, but I'm just saying some people's faith is not there.
Some people do not know how to believe God for two pennies, let alone to stay alive, because they've not grown their faith.
It's not condemnation; there is no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus.
I'm not here trying to scare you; I'm trying to prepare you.
We are in the end times and labor pains are coming even greater in the days ahead.
It is something to take precaution about.
I told you about having big screws in your doors; I'm just trying to slow the bad guys down.
I saw people looting houses and robbing homes in major cities when the economy crashes and things go to pot.
I saw people rioting because Social Security was cut off for a while, along with government funding and food stamps.
It was bad.
People were rioting, and like I said, during the COVID when all those people were acting crazy for toilet paper, just think about the grocery store shelves.
I told everybody that there was no food on the shelves—there were cobwebs—and it happened that fast.
They had to combine what was in one store to another store at a central location with armed guards so you couldn't rob the grocery store.
People need to understand that when you can't feed your family, people act stupid.
I believe in the Second Amendment personally.
You say, 'Would you shoot somebody for food?
' If you're going to come into my house and try to hurt me, yes, I'm going to have to defend my family.
But if you're asking for a cup of rice, I'll do what I can.
My family comes first.
If you haven't taken the means to provide for yourself, why are you going to try to take from me?
It's like the old hen that got all the grain and worked hard, and then everybody came and tried to eat her bread.
She did all the hard work and set it aside for her chicks, but then the dog and everyone else in the story tried to eat her bread and she said, 'No, this is for me,' because they didn't put in the work.
It's not always our job to feed everybody; you've got to make sure your family is taken care of, too.
I'm going to go back to the vision where the Lord spoke to me and showed me this open-eyed.
He said, 'Brandon, this is going to last and be a lot harder than what people realize.
They are not taking it seriously.
' He said it would be an extended time and that it will not be prayed away.
He said there's a shaking to awaken coming.
In this humbling, it will bring a great revival.
People are asking for revival but they are stiff-necked, arrogant, and pompous.
There is a remnant of people that God is wanting to call; this is the last call.
Are you one that's going to run to the Father?
Out of mercy, I'm telling you, we will not be a goat nation.
He said the prayers of our founding fathers still go before Him and what is coming is not His judgment, but a shaking to wake up the people, for they are asleep.
I saw no denominational barriers—Baptist, Methodist, Catholic, Episcopalian—everybody came together as one, similar to how everybody came together in World War II when women worked in the factories just to keep everything afloat.
Everybody pitched in as an American to keep our country going.
That's the way I saw the body of Christ coming together as one, no longer about charismatics or seeker-friendlies, but the body of Christ because people were desperate.
It was beautiful because we operated in love.
Walking in love is going to bring forth the glory.
If you're stable and rooted in love, you will see the manifestations of the glory of God.
How did you act in love toward your brethren?
Was there competition, or did you walk in love?
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Love your neighbor as yourself.
I saw people coming together in communities helping each other.
I saw brush arbor churches.
I looked it up and I know it has to do with persecution.
They built these things in the woods so that they could worship freely and not be persecuted.
I saw churches in rural areas—brush arbor churches with hay and tents like an old revival.
They were having revival in major fields where the sage grass grows really high.
They looked like old Pentecostal churches where the women have buns in their hair and are very holiness-focused.
Then the Lord showed me tractors, major combines, and big mammoth tractors completely dusty, sitting in fields unable to go.
I saw fields plowed with no crops in them at all.
The Lord took me above the United States, and from west to east, there were no crops in any of the farmers' fields.
They were completely barren.
The Lord said to me, 'There's no water,' repeating it three times.
There was drought across Texas, Lubbock, and the plains area.
I saw no water.
I don't know if the tractors didn't have fuel or if there was no seed, but there was no major agriculture.
Then I saw individual gardens.
Everyone had a garden of some sort, whether small or large, trying to feed their families with a little patch of land.
Then He showed me Jerome Powell again, and I saw him trying to manipulate that big membrane, that balloon I told you all about.
He was letting the air out slowly, trying to keep it afloat as long as he could, and he was sweating profusely.
The Lord said to me, 'What you are seeing right now with the trillions lost on Friday and Monday, Brandon, these are Braxton Hicks false labor pains.
The true labor is yet to come.
' He said they're going to try to control it.
I saw what looked like a valley split in two with solid black darkness on each side.
Jerome Powell was walking in the middle on a dusty dirt road.
On one side, Obama was there influencing him.
Over here were people in Europe—big businessmen telling him what to do.
They were a group of very evil men in business suits, looking very wealthy with bald heads and War money.
Then the Lord showed me Ukraine and the money being printed for the war.
They were doing something with this money, preparing because they knew what was coming with the economy.
There was a lot of corruption and a hidden agenda.
It stretched clear into Moscow secretly.
Then the Lord spoke to me and said there are many people, YouTubers included, whose hearts are far from Him.
They believe they're hearing Him, but some of them would be broke within a day.
They're going to wake up and lose everything they thought they saved.
He said, 'Brandon, I've called you to be separate right now.
It's time to go back to the basics and the fundamentals of Christianity.
' Stop swaying around with all these different distractions.
Seek Him, for the days to come are going to require more of Him and less of you.
You are going to have to be all-in.
I am anointed to do YouTube in a way that the world is not familiar with, all for the glory of God.
It's not about me; it's about Jesus.
I said, 'Lord, You are in control of this channel.
' He said, 'I didn't call you to make friends; I called you to pray and be set apart.
' Today He warns me to tell you there's a great shaking coming.
He said, 'I will provide for My beloved.
I will take care of My bride.
' If you are seeking Him daily, you're going to hear Him for what's to come for your family.
If you're supposed to relocate, I saw big migrations of people leaving major cities for a place of refuge.
God will put you in the path where you're supposed to be if you're seeking Him.
Don't give up on believing God for big things, because He told me, 'I'm going to provide a Goshen for My people.
' The Bible says that when the children of Israel were in Goshen, there was a dividing line of darkness between Egypt and Goshen, so dark that you could feel it.
The Lord showed me it's going to be a type of that—the darkness will be so dark on the world and the light will be so light on the Christians that we will stand out.
They will come for the move of God because they're desperate.
If you have ears to hear, He will lead you.
You will be the head and not the tail, as in Deuteronomy 28.
It is the time for us to shine.
We will get the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever known.
It is one last call.
Will you help Him bring in the harvest?
Will you be that voice telling this generation that Jesus Christ is coming back?
He wishes that none should perish.
Follow Jesus today and get your house ready.
God is going to bring in one last push.
Many will call this a great Ichabod, but He said, 'I will never leave you and I will never forsake you.
' It will take you not living in sin and walking with Him on a day-to-day basis.
If the ravens brought Elijah bread, how much more will He take care of you?
But you have to learn how to listen to Him now.
I want you to find the book *George Washington Carver: The Man Who Talks to the Flowers*.
Read that book over and over again.
He talked to the great Creator, our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
Seek Him, have a relationship with Him, and when you become real with God, God will get real with you.
This is not a call to fear, but a call to prayer, having yourself girded up and ready to minister.
Let me pray for you today.
Father, I thank You for every single person represented here.
I plead the blood of Jesus over them.
Satan, take your hands off of God's property.
I call healing and wholeness over their bodies.
I take authority over sickness, disease, and lack.
We call them blessed in the city and in the field.
Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
I pray restoration in their marriages and homes.
I call wayward children home and unsaved spouses to be delivered.
Today is the day of salvation.
We call their minds free from tormenting spirits and addictions.
For whom the Son sets free is free indeed.
We call for the manifestation of peace and joy.
Those bound by depression or demonic attacks are free in Jesus' name.
We pray for the peace that passes understanding over Jerusalem and Benjamin Netanyahu.
We pray over Biden and Kamala Harris.
We thank You that they would turn to You and have a saving knowledge of the Lord.
We pray for our Senate, House, and all leaders of Congress to have an encounter with You.
We call for the blinders to be removed from their eyes.
We call for mercy over this great nation called America.
In this financial shaking, we will all be provided for.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise.
Well, I hope this blessed you all today.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Please like the video and subscribe to help us in the algorithm.
We will see you all next time.
God bless you all and have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.